Changes on the min requirement and explanation on Server sizing (#103878)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-install-prerequisites.md

| Number of objects in Active Directory | CPU | Memory | Hard drive size |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Fewer than 10,000 |1.6 GHz |6 GB |70 GB |
| 10,000–50,000 |1.6 GHz |6 GB |70 GB |
| 50,000–100,000 |1.6 GHz |16 GB |100 GB |

> | For 100,000 or more objects, the full version of SQL Server is required. For performance reasons, installing locally is preferred. The following values are valid only for AAD Connect installation. If SQL Server will be installed on the same server further memory, drive and CPU is required. | | | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| For 100,000 or more objects, the full version of SQL Server is required. For performance reasons, installing locally is preferred. The following values are valid only for Azure AD Connect installation. If SQL Server will be installed on the same server, further memory, drive, and CPU is required. | | | |
```
